[doc] add simple build script for triqs + apps (#891)
TRIQS/triqs: doc/install.rst

.. literalinclude:: install.sh
   :language: bash

> To install TRIQS plus a list of applications we also provide a bash script that automatizes
> the build and testing: :download:`build_triqs.sh <installation/build_triqs.sh>`. In the script
> different environment variables mentioned here can be set to streamline the compilation of TRIQS
> and its applications. Note, that the script assumes that all dependencies / required libraries
> are already installed. Executing the script via `bash build_triqs.sh` will generate both a 
> `build_x.log` containing the std out and `build_x_test.log` containing the test output. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install TRIQS together with several of its :ref:`applications<applications>` we also provide a bash script that
automatizes the build and test process :download:`build_triqs.sh <installation/build_triqs.sh>`. The script
can be edited to customize the compilation of TRIQS and its applications using both environment variables
and cmake configuration options. The script assumes that all dependencies / required libraries are already
installed. Executing the script via `bash build_triqs.sh` will generate a `build_x.log` containing the
command-line build output and a `build_x_test.log` containing the test output. 
```
